release 1.22.1 that bumps aptos cli to 0.1.9 (#445)
aptos-labs/aptos-ts-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

# Unreleased

# 1.22.0 (2024-06-24)

> - Bump Aptos CLI version that will auto upgrade Aptos CLI to latest.

Reviewer: lets mention the cli version

> - Bump Aptos CLI version that will auto upgrade Aptos CLI to latest.

Author: ```suggestion
- Bump Aptos CLI version that will auto upgrade Aptos CLI to 0.1.9.
```
